// For more info visit https://github.com/FTBTeam/FTB-Ranks/wiki

[player]
default_player_rank: true
power: 1
ftbutilities.back.back: false
ftbutilities.back.home: false
ftbutilities.back.infinite: false
ftbutilities.back.respawn: false
ftbutilities.back.rtp: false
ftbutilities.back.spawn: false
ftbutilities.back.tpa: false
ftbutilities.back.warp: false
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: false
ftbutilities.claims.bypass_limits: false
ftbutilities.homes.cross_dim: true
ftbutilities.other_player.claims.claim: false
ftbutilities.other_player.claims.load: false
ftbutilities.other_player.claims.see_info: false
ftbutilities.other_player.claims.unclaim: false
ftbutilities.other_player.claims.unload: false
ftbutilities.other_player.heal: false
ftbutilities.other_player.homes.list: false
ftbutilities.other_player.homes.teleport: false
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 60
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 10
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 60
ftbutilities.tpa.cross_dim: false
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 10
ftbutilities.warps.cooldown: 60
ftbutilities.warps.warmup: 10
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 300
ftbutilities.homes.max: 1
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 10
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 5
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 9
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 60
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 2

[vip]
parent: player
power: 20
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&bVIP {name}&r>
ftbutilities.back.back: true
ftbutilities.back.home: true
ftbutilities.back.spawn: true
ftbutilities.back.tpa: true
ftbutilities.back.warp: true
ftbutilities.tpa.cross_dim: false
ftbutilities.chunkloader.load_offline: true
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 30
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 5
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 30
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 5
ftbutilities.warps.cooldown: 30
ftbutilities.warps.warmup: 5
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 150
ftbutilities.homes.max: 3
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 5
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 30
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 5
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 81
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 4

[admin]
parent: vip
default_op_rank: true
power: 100
ftbutilities.chat.name_format: <&2{name}&r>
ftbutilities.spawn.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.spawn.warmup: 0
ftbutilities.tpa.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.tpa.warmup: 0
ftbutilities.warps.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.warps.warmup: 0
ftbutilities.back.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.homes.max: 0
ftbutilities.homes.warmup: 0
ftbutilities.homes.cooldown: 0
ftbutilities.back.warmup: 0
ftbutilities.claims.max_chunks: 121
ftbutilities.chunkloader.max_chunks: 9
+*